Combat maneuvers are one of the mot prominent additions to A5e/Level Up.  They are, for all intents and purposes, martial "spellcasting": abilities you can use as a martial character to inflict conditions, improve your action economy, do additional damage, etc., and generally accomplish more than just "I swing my sword or shoot my bow again".  They are also divided into different combat traditions, similar to spell schools.  Which traditions you can become proficient with depends on your class.

In most cases, maneuvers are fueled by an exertion pool, which is equal to double your proficiency bonus, refills on short rest, and you can spend 1 minute to expend a hit die to regain 1d4 points.  The major exceptions to this are my altered version of the Thirsting Blade eldritch invocation for Pact of the Blade [[warlock|warlocks,]] which uses spellpoints, and [[herald|heralds]], who give themselves a temporary exertion pool by giving up spell slots (effectively being their version of the O5e paladin's "spell slot for smite" ability).  See individual classes for details.

When multiclassing, the maximum degree of maneuver you may learn is equal to which ever class has the best progression, but you learn new maneuvers known based on individual class levels.  When you learn a maneuver you may learn one from any combat tradition you are proficient with, regardless of source or which class you just leveled up in (the exception being my altered version of the Thirsting Blade invocation, again see [[warlock]] class for details).

A more complete version of combat maneuver rules can be found here: https://a5e.tools/rules/combat-maneuvers. I suggest looking them over if playing a martial character but not yet familiar with the mechanic.

On each class page on the tools site, it will list those combat traditions form the Adventurer's Guide (Player Handbook equivalent, the "base game") that are allowed.  There are a selection of additional traditions, either from later official releases or 3rd part products that I also allow.  If a class gets access to these, it will list it on the individual class page on this site; if that page doesn't specify, assume it is only the ones from the Adventurer's Guide, as listed on the class page on a5e.tools.

The following traditions are allowed in this campaign: [[Adamant Mountain]], [[Arcane Knight]], [[Beast Unity]], [[Biting Zephyr]], [[Eldritch Blackguard]], [[Cutting Omen]], [[Mirror's Glint]], [[Mist and Shade]], [[Rapid Current]], [[Razor's Edge]], [[Sanctified Steel]],  [[Sanguine Knot]], [[Spirited Steed]], [[Tempered Iron]], [[Tooth and Claw]], [[Unending Wheel]], and [[Viper's Fangs]].