For fun, here are a list of sources I think will be useful for inspiration for this game (ones that I will certainly be drawing on).

### Beowulf
Perhaps the most famous peace of Nordic literature taht still exists, Beowulf is an epic poem originally written in Old English.  Telling the tale of the titular hero, first as a young man as he defends a kings mead hall from a vicious monster called Grendel (slaying both the beast and its other) and later as an old man and king in his own right when he enters one final doomed battle against a dragon whose wrath was roused by the stealing of a golden cup from it's hoard.  I have no real recommendation for translations or versions, and if you don't have time to read the whole thing... well fair enough, but I don't really have a better option as most adaptations of the story kind of suck.

### The 13th Warrior
An exception to the above, this is a loose retelling of the story of Beowulf presented as a possibly "real"/non-fantasy version, based on the book Eaters of the Dead by Michael Crichton.  The movie ha always been a favorite of mine for several reasons, including the way it handles language.  It may be of particular interest to anyone playing the Stranger epic background, as the point of view character is an Arab man, recruited by the north men as the titular 13th Warrior, and we see their culture and lives through his outsider perspective.  Don't have time to watch the whole thing, at least watch this clip: https://youtu.be/tL1acYvpR_E?t=97

### The Volsunga Saga/Nibelungenlied
Probably the next most famous Nordic story after Beowulf.  The Volsunga Saga is the Norse version, the Nibelungenlied being the German version.  It tells the tragic story of the hero Sigurd who gets drawn into a squabble between the dwarf wizard turned dragon Fafnir and his brother, eventually killing them both and claiming Fafnir's cursed treasure.  Of particular note is a cursed magical ring which he claims and which eventually brings him to ruin as he later discovers and falls in love with the imprisoned Valkyrie Brunhild.  If the cursed ring wasn't enough of a clue, this tale was large influence on Tolkien in crafting the Lord of the Rings, while the German version inspired Wagner's Ring Cycle opera.

### The Northman
A recent movie and the third film by Robert Eggers, this is a retelling of the legend of Amleth, an old Norse tale of a prince whos kingly father is killed by his treacherous uncle who then absconds with his mother, setting the young man on a tragic doomed quest for revenge.  If that description and the main characters name didn't already clue you in, the tale of Amleth was the original basis/inspiration for Shakespeare's Hamlet.  The movie is brutal, with some of the best and most accurate feeling Norse combat I've ever seen, and does a brilliant job of creating a surreal atmosphere that weaves in fantasy and mythological elements while always still toeing the line as to whether these things are actually happening.

### The Green Knight
Another more recent movie this one might be cheating a little as it is an adaptation of an Arthurian tale rather than anything directly from Norse mythology.  That being said, the oldest version of Beowulf we have was written in Old English and there is definite overlap between Anglo Saxon and Norse culture.  More specifically, this particular version really feels like it leans into the Norse adjacent elements of the story, with foreboding, mist shrouded landscapes, a pall of impending doom weighing heavily over all proceedings, and a hero compelled to pursue a dangerous, self destructive quest for personal glory no matter the cost.  The titular Green Knight here comes off as less than a justice minded Green Man archetype trying to teach a young knight a lesson about honor and courage and more like a trouble making Jotun with a bug up his ass, and the ending is far more ambiguous than the original.  Also, if you thought The Northman was trippy and surreal, you haven't seen anything, as The Green Knight cranks that up to 11 in a way that really has to be seen to be believed, but which is absolutely spellbinding.

### The Silmarillion
Specifically this, not the Lord of the Rings.  While Tolkien was obviously well versed in norther European mythology and drew on it liberally for all of Middle Earth, it is this posthumous publication that feels most appropriate, and not jsut for obvious comparisons like Beren One-hand and Tyr.  From self destructive oaths of vengeance, to the constant looming threat of destruction, to the larger than life scale, to the tragic nature of most of the characters.  Even the War of Wrath a the end can be seen as a kind of Ragnarok, with the gods and heir honored servants marching to war directly against destructive forces that threaten the world, a war of such devastation entire nations were destroyed and the land itself reshaped, in a very real way destroying the old world so a new one may be born.  if you don't have the time or inclination to read the whole hting, I would recommend the Blind Guardian concept album Nightfall on Middle Earth which it inspired, specifically the songs The Curse of Faenor, Time Stand Still (At the Iron Hill), and When Sorrow Sang, linked here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSZ7f0Yy-4M <br>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Yz4_1mZarA <br>
https://youtu.be/eRuDigiA-qY

### Amon Amarth
Really anything by these Swedish melodic death metal legends is appropriate, though for this campaign I would especially look to the Twilight of the Thunder God, Deceiver of the Gods, and Jomsviking albums.  Honorable Mention for With Oden on Our Side, which is a bit less fitting for this campaign than the previous, but is my personal favorite by them.