Raider culture is not particularly known for it's massively impressive monument building.  As such, what qualifies as a significant stronghold in another world would be wildly out of place, and a relatively modest one from another world might be a wonder among the Raiders.  As such, the sizes and times required to build a stronghold (letter originally from Extra Credits and Deeper Mysteries) have both been reduced as follows: the minimum size for grade one remains unchanged, but the maximum size for each grade is reduced in half (potentially also reducing the staff and free followers gained), and the time required to build or upgrade a stronghold of a particular grade is cut in half.

Lastly, the shop, Guildhouse, Laboratory, and Library strongholds are not allowed in this game, and the Tavern stronghold is renamed to the Mead Hall and the Castle is renamed to the Hill Fort.

A Menagerie or Sacred Grove stronghold may now grant a boost to your choice of Wisdom or Intelligence rather than just Wisdom, a Workshop may boost your choice of Strength or Intelligence rather than just Strength, a Hill Fort may boost Strength or Dexterity, and a Training Hall may boost Constitution or Dexterity rather than just Constitution.

Finally: as written the House stronghold allows you to gain the benefits of a long rest on a short rest once per week.  In my experience, this is wildly overpowered compared to the benefits of other strongholds.  As such, I am instead limiting it such that once you have used this benefit, you cannot do so again until you level up.  At level 20, you may instead use it once per week as normal.  Furthermore, the party as a whole may only gain this benefit from one house at a time, even if multiple players build House strongholds.