As a general rule, only feats from the Adventurer's Guide are allowed.  You may find a list here: https://a5e.tools/feats?field_feat_source_target_id%5B463%5D=463&field_feat_prerequisite_formattd_value=All&field_feat_synergy_value_1=All&combine=

One exception is the two [[Selkie]] heritage feats listed on the Selkie page.

Another exception is Synergy Feats.  These are a new kind of feat introduced in Level Up.  They act as a 3 feat chain, with each of them beyond the first requiring the previous one.  The initial feat also requires at least three levels on two different classes, as well as occasionally a particular archetype or class ability.  The Bladechanter feat from the AG is a good example.  You can think of them kind of like a better version of Prestige Classes, using feats.  While the ones in the AG are neat, they are also very limited, and the 3rd party community has really taken to publishing additional options, some of which I will be allowing (curated to maintain campaign flavor, like archetypes.  I have listed these below.

House rules: the Bladechanter feat is altered to say it also gives proficiency with the [[Cutting Omen]] combat tradition.

New Synergy Feat Chains: [[Beast Friend(druid, ranger)]], [[Darkwood Pact(druid, warlock)]], [[Death Knight (herald, warlock)]], [[Ecstatist(witch, berserker)]], [[Fighting Idealist(fighter, herald)]], [[Furious Hunter(ranger, berserker)]], [[Holy Warrior (cleric, fighter)]], [[Huntmaster (ranger, marshal)]], [[Naturalist Magician(druid, witch)]], [[Ordained Fist (adept, cleric)]], [[Perfectionist(sorcerer, witch)]], [[Pugilist(adept, berserker)]], [[Skald(bard, berserker)]], [[Stalker (ranger, rogue)]], [[Witch-Knight(herald, witch)]], and [[Zealot(berserker, herald)]].

Finally, the AG includes a limited list of "Profession Feats".  This is an unofficial title for feats that give a limited number of "knacks" from another class.  3rd party publishers have since filled in the gaps for other classes, and those are allow allowed (if a class isn't listed here it if because their version was included in the AG and can be found in the a5e.tools link above.): [[Athletic Training]], [[Adventurous Training]], [[Enlisted Training]], [[Explorer's Training]], [[Forbidden Study]], [[Hardening Experience]], [[Introduction to Magical Theory]], [[Officer Training]], [[Otherworldly Aspect]], [[Religious Training]], and [[Versed in Old Ways]].

Finally there are a series of feat chains designed specifically for characters infected with Lycanthropy published in the first issue of Gatepass Gazette. Lycanthropy exists in Grimnir, and while it is largely up to random chance if you get infected, if you do and do not want to cure it, I am willing to allow these feats as well. They are on the tools site, but there is no good way to filter out just them in the database, so I have not included a link.  If relevant, I can provide you with the specific feats if you are interested.