Heritage is one half of what D&D used to call "race".  It is your actual ancestry, the physical stock from which you are descended and inherited certain innate traits and abilities.

At level 1, you get your listed Heritage Traits and may choose one Heritage Gift.  At level 10, you gain one Paragon Gift.

Mixed heritage characters in Level Up can be made by taking the traits of one heritage and a gift from a different heritage (for example, a half-elf might be a human with an elf gift, or an elf with a human gift).  Such a character may select a paragon gift from either of their parent heritages.  The exception to this are Tuss beastborn: while beastborn raiders becoming lovers with other humanoid heritages isn't unheard of or even particularly uncommon, they are not biologically compatible for procreation ,and Tuss are always born to human mothers and appear as normal humans, at least at first.

[[Human|Humans]], [[Elf|Elves]], [[Dwarf|Dwarves]], [[Halfling|Halflings]], [[Gnome|Gnomes]], [[Planetouched]], [[Orc|Orcs]], and [[Dragonborn|Dragonborn]] comprise the original settlers to Grimnir at the time of Exodus, representing the races found in the Lost Lands.  [[Selkie|Selkies]] are descended from humans from among this group.  The elves and dwarves from Grimnir are similar, but not identical to the elves and dwarves from other worlds (both tend to have mainly blue or blue/gray skin with similarly colored hair, like Brok from God of War 2018). Whether newcomers or founders, most are welcome in the clans and kingdoms. However raiders tend to forget that [[planetouched]] also came from the Lost Lands.

There are also several peoples unique to Grimnir: the [[Beastborn|Beastborn]], [[Grim|Grim]], [[Tallfolk|Tallfolk]], and [[Tuss]].

### Grimnir Names

Any name that players want to use is acceptable given the possibility of new arrivals to the world. However, raiders tend to favor Norse flavored naming whereas the Baendur name their children similarly to earlier English cultures.

- **Raider Names, Male:** Aron, Birn, Dagfin, Egom, Eind, Fordind, Gunne, Holger, Ingalf, Jorn, Jorund, Karn, Leik, Mjall, Ove, Runar, Snorrin, Skopi, Thuss, Torgeir, Unn, and Vragi.
- **Raider Names, Female:** Aldyhn, Asny, Bera, Embla, Fjorgyn, Gyda, Herdis, Inga, Karra, Magda, Ormhild, Luta, Runa, Sigrun, Skur, Syhja, Tola, and Xisa.
- **Baendur Names, Male:** Aston, Authun, Brandyn, Camdyn, Ceolmund, Dunstan, Edric, Esmond, Greysen, Landan, Kendrick, Moldaf, Osgar, Thar, Ulf, Upton, and Wystan.
- **Baendur Names, Female:** Afton, Athela, Brynlee, Chancey, Edola, Ela, Kelcie, Lena, Mildred, Nelda, Piper, Tinble, and Rylee.

### Family Naming

Family lineage within the raider clans is important. The raiders commonly provide given names to their children and the family name consists of the mother or father’s name (whomever has the greater glory when the child is born). To this name the suffix loke is added until the child is of age to identify as male (askr) or female (emb). Many choose to retain loke. A raider might then be known as Aron Thussaskr (son of Thuss) or Aron Thussemb (daughter of Thuss) or Aron Thussloke (child of Thuss).

Thralls keep their old names but with a surname indicating where they were captured from with the suffix frek (i.e., Othar Fragidfrek… Othar from Fragid). Those that are actually adopted into a family, take on the standard naming pattern, as described above.