Destiny is a new feature of a character's Origin in A5e.  It reflects a long term goal or story arc your character is engaged it.  Mechanically, it provides your character's primary source of inspiration, an additional Inspiration feature that lets you spend inspiration for a different benefit other than just advantage on a roll.  Finally, it grants a fulfillment feature that gives you a significantly powerful ability whenever you fulfill your destiny.

The campaign Raiders of the Serpent Sea also features campaign specific Epic Backgrounds.  These serve much the same role that destinies do in A5e, so I have endeavored to combine them together.  Specifically, for each Epic background, I have selected one appropriate paired destiny.  If you choose it, you gain the source of inspiration and inspiration feature from that destiny (Occasionally with slight tweaks), but the fulfillment feature is replaced by the benefits of the paired Epic Background.  A number of standard A5e destinies are also allowed for those players who do not like the remaining Epic Background choices or if a character dies and a new one needs to join.  I would nevertheless strongly recommend looking at the Epic Backgrounds fist, as they are both tied directly into the narrative of the campaign and generally grant more significant benefits ,such that if they are an option I feel like they will work better.  You are free not to though.

In general, I do not want more than one player to have the same destiny/Epic Background at a time.  The exception is the Bonded Epic Background, where two players may both choose it as long as they are each other's bonded partner (either ally or rival).  If one or more characters die, a replacement character may choose a standard destiny that had previously been chosen but which is not currently possessed by anyone in the party, but Epic Backgrounds may only be possessed by one character per campaign.

Epic Backgrounds and paired destinies: [[The Bonded (Devotion)]], [[The Cursed Raider (Death)]], [[The Fallen (Coming of Age)]], [[The Royal Heir (Dominion)]], [[The Stranger (Homecoming)]], [[The Vigilant One (Preservation)]]

The Following standard Destinies are also allowed: [[Chaos]], [[Knowledge]], [[Revenge]], [[Wealth]], [[Slayer]], and [[Legacy]]