This is a list of house rules that apply to the game as a whole.  Those related to individual classes, archetypes, equipment, combat maneuvers, etc. will be built into those sections.  As such, this section will be very short as it only covers those elements that have no where else to go.

- Rather than 3 slots, attunement slots are equal to your proficiency bonus.
- I use standard 5e style "Dexterity check" initiative for initiative rolls except if an encounter will begin in surprise.  In that case, the surprising side uses the result of their stealth check to surprise as their initiative, while the surprised party uses a perception check for their initiative (rarely these may be substituted for deception and insight, depending on how surprise is being achieved).
- Leveling Up requires a long rest, even if you have enough experience.
- Prestige is replaced by [[Glory]] from the campaign.  If a any source or feature would grant you bonus prestige, you gain the same amount of bonus [[Glory]] instead.
- Ability scores are generated by rolling 4d6 and dropping the lowest 6 times and arranging the results to taste.  If the net modifier (add together all positive and negative modifiers for all 6 scores) -s +2 or less, you may re-roll.
- Hit dice may roll or take average, but you must be consistent: whichever option you choose at 2nd level you must continue to use for every subsequent level on that character.  AT level 2 and 3 if you roll for hit points and roll less than half on your hit die, you may re-roll until you roll half or higher.  At level 4+ you must take your roll whatever it is.
- New Conditions: [[Inebriated]] and [[Hungover]]
- RAW levels of fatigue never take effect in combat. I change that so that only fatigue gained from negating a critical hit as a reaction, being reduced to 0 hit points, or taking damage while at 0 hit points is delayed in this manner; fatigue gained from spells or other special abilities takes effect immediately even in combat.
