This campaign will be using Level Up: Advanced 5th edition from EnPublishing.  If you have played standard 5th edition, you can play this, it is backwards compatible, and essentially all the changes are improvements.

It also maintains a free website called a5e.tools that contains almost all the 1st party content they have released.  When such content is being used as written, this site will contain a link to the appropriate page on the tools site.  I am here including a link to the Adventurers' Guide, the equivalent of the Player's Handbook, on the tools site: https://a5e.tools/rules/adventurers-guide.  If you would find it easier to read as a PDF, I can provide you a PDF of the Adventures' Guide as well.  Note that equipment, spells, and character information are all included hear, and you do not need the tools site or the pdf for them unless specifically linked to from here.

Below you will find a quick reference of the primary changes to the game compared to standard 5th edition, as well as a few rules that I notice players often miss and want to specifically call out:
- Instead of Race and Background, a characters Origin is composed of 4 pieces: [[Heritage]] (half of what was race, representing innate inherited or biological characteristics), [[Culture]] (the other half of what was race, representing learned skills and traits based on how and where you were raised), [[Background]] (similar to backgrounds in normal 5e, except these are now the source of your character creation ability score boosts with every background giving +1 to a specific score and +1 to a score of your choice), and [[Destiny]] (your primary source of inspiration, describing how you get it and giving you an additional use you can spend it on beyond just advantage on a roll, as well as a fulfillment feature to help motivate and drive your character to fulfill accomplish something significant and get a large late game buff).
- All of the classes were rewritten to carious degrees, largely in an interest of giving them more stuff to do across all three pillars of play (combat, exploration, and social), instead of some classes being purely combat focused.
- [[Combat Maneuvers]] are added, most classes without spellcasting (and a couple with) have access to combat maneuvers.  They are fueled with a pool of exertion points, and can best be described as "martial spells" to give non-magical martial classes interesting things to do in combat beyond just swinging their sword.
- Monk, Barbarian, and Paladin are renamed [[Adept]], [[Berserker]], and [[Herald]] respectively.
- A new class was added: the [[Marshal]].  It is a military commander that effectively functions as a support fighter.  The [[Witch]] class is also added for this game, though that one is a third party class written and published by me rather than part of the base game.
- Expertise as double proficiency bonus was removed.  Instead expertise dice were added.  These come from a variety of sources, can add to attacks, ability/skill checks, or saving throws.  They start as 1d4, and stack by increasing the size of the die by one to a maximum of 1d8.  Certain class features allow them to instead increase to a 1d10 or even 1d12 (rogue skill bonuses are a good example).
- 2 new skills are added: culture and engineering.
- Skill specialties were added.  These are subtypes of skill checks where if a check relates to that specialty, you get an expertise die.  Examples include "climbing and swimming" as specialties for Athletics.  You get a number of specialties equal to your proficiency bonus.  You must be proficient with a skill to get a specialty for it.
- You get Bonus Knowledge based on your intelligence modifier.  For each point of intelligence modifier, you can gain your choice of a language, tool proficiency, or an additional specialty for one of the following skills: Arcana, Culture, Engineering, History, Nature, or Religion.
- Exhaustion has been split into two different conditions: Fatigue and Strife.  Fatigue effectively covers physical abilities, while Strife covers mental.  If you have 2 or more levels of either, you may only remove a level after a long rest if you have long rested in a haven (a place of reasonably guaranteed safety)
- Dying is generally a little easier. Anytime you are reduced to 0 hit points you gain a level of fatigue for each time after the fight ends and the adrenaline wears off.  Massive Damage is also much easier to trigger at higher levels (though slightly harder at very low levels).
- Critical Hits double all damage, not just the dice.
- Rations are replaced by Supply.  A character may carry an amount of supply equal to their strength score, which is tracked separately and is not a part of their normal encumbrance/carry weight.
- Initiative can be any ability score and can add a skill if I call for it.  See [[General House Rules]] for more details.
- Spells have a long list of secondary schools that they possess one or more of, in addition to the 8 classical schools.
- Spells can have rare versions, which can be found as loot or given as rewards.  In theory they can also be spellcrafted during downtime, but you are unlikely to have much of that in this campaign.
- Most characters do not have an Alignment.  Certain class features, destinies, etc. can result in a character gaining an Alignment, but but it is not guaranteed.

The preceding list is not exhaustive.  There are other minor rule changes, generally additional actions in combat or DM side things you don't need to know to get started.  The above is what is most important to start playing though, and if you want more you may see the link above, the PDF if you request one (or buy one yourself), or pick it up form other more experienced A5e players in play.  Just remember that if you read in that link or the PDF, disregard the sections on origins, classes, weapons, armor and shields, and combat traditions, as all the required information for those will be either recreated or linked to directly here on this site.